What is Machine Learning?
    Machine Learning is the process of inferring knowledge from data.
    Learning - optimizing a performance criterion from the training set or past experiences to get better and better at what it does.
Types of Machine Learning Models
    Predictive (Supervised - input and output data)
        Make predictions on the future
    Descriptive (Unsupervised - only input data)
        Gain knowledge from data
Machine Learning = Statistical Learning

Supervised Learning: Machine learning technique that uses labeled datasets to train models to classify data or predict outputs

    Classification : Input -> Algorithm -> Class
        Used to Predict categorical data. Learns a function that maps output classes from input features
        Qualitative Output
        Discriminant: Learning a rule from data, a function that seperates the examples of different classes.
        Prediction : Once we have a rule that fits past data, we can make accurate predictions to classify the data.
        Pattern Recognition: 
            Optical Character Recognition
            Face Recognition
            Medical Diagnosis
            Speech Recognition
        Compression: Fitting rule to data gives explanation that is simpler than the data, requiring less memory to store.
        Outlier Detection: Findings that do not obey the rule and are exceptions.
      
    Regression : Input -> Algorithm -> Number
        Determine the most sutiable function that represents all the values in the dataset, which can be used to make predictions
        Quantitative Output
        Function Fitting
        
Unsupervised Learning : Learns from unlabeled data
    Make assumption that there is a structure to the input data such that certain patterns occur more often than others
    Only Input Data
    Goal : find regularies in the input without explicit guidance
    Density Estimation : In Statistics
        The input space is structures, and certain patterns occur more often than others.
    Clustering : In ML
        Method for density estimation
        Aim is to find clusters or groupings of inputs
        
Reinforcement Learning : Sequential learning
    Observations -> Algorithm -> Actions
    Output of the system is a sequence of actions
    The policy, the sequence of the correct actions to reach the goal, is the important bit.
    
        
        